Tongtong wait a minute
You don't have to say it.
I won't forgive you.
Forgive who cares about your forgiveness
It's you who did the wrong thing
What are you talking about?
An Tong
You wouldn't have known by now, would you?
Where did I go wrong?
You were abandoned by Gao Yu and committed suicide
I ran to save you.
Get justice for you
I took you in when you had no place to live
Where did I go wrong?
That's because you're sorry for me.
That's why you helped me
I think you are seriously ill.
guilty
Why has Gao Yu treated me like this all these years?
Didn't you tell him I had an abortion?
That's why he looks down on me
All my misfortunes are because of you
I told him this
I want to help you.
I want him to treat you well.
Do you really want to help me?
Over the years
How many things have you done to me?
An Tong, I hate you
I really hate you.
I came to this point
All because of you
It's my fault about Gao Yu
I'm sorry.
I apologize to you.
In addition to that
What else am I sorry for you?
Do you still decorate?
In college
You clearly know that I like Xiaoyuke
But it didn't take long for you to be with him
Dare you say you didn't do it on purpose?
How do you know?